<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Last updated: February 07, 2025</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>
<p>We do not directly collect any personal information from users. However, our application uses Google AdMob, which may collect data for personalized ads. Please refer to <a href="https://policies.google.com/privacy" target="_blank">Google's Privacy Policy</a> for details.</p>

<h2>Interpretation and Definitions</h2>
<h3>Interpretation</h3>
<p>The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>

<h3>Definitions</h3>
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Application</strong> refers to Flying Duck, the software program provided by the Company.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Flying Duck.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Country</strong> refers to: Gujarat, India</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Application.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</p></li>
</ul>

<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>
<h3>Types of Data Collected</h3>
<h4>Usage Data</h4>
<p>Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.</p>
<p>Google AdMob may collect and process data for advertising purposes. For details on how AdMob collects and uses data, please refer to <a href="https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads" target="_blank">Google's Advertising Policies</a>.</p>

<h3>Children's Privacy</h3>
<p>Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.</p>

<h2>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes will be posted on this page.</p>

<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
<ul>
<li>By email: lovebirds15515@gmail.com</li>
</ul>
